README.md, before:

# Inventory Agent for iOS

![Flyve MDM banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/663460/26935464-54267e9c-4c6c-11e7-86df-8cfa6658133e.png)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg?&label=License)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Follow twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/FlyveMDM.svg?style=social&label=Twitter&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/FlyveMDM)
[![Telegram Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Group-blue.svg)](https://t.me/flyvemdm)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/releases)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.flyvemdm/inventory.svg)](https://bintray.com/flyve-mdm/inventory/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/)

Flyve MDM is a Mobile device management software that enables you to secure and manage all the mobile devices of your business or family via a web-based console.

To get started, check out <https://flyve-mdm.com/>!

## Table of contents

* [Synopsis](#synopsis)
* [Build Status](#build-status)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Contributors](#contributors)
* [Copying](#copying)

## Synopsis

This application is the iOS inventory agent of the Flyve MDM project.

It features a complete inventory of your iOS devices: both hardware and software informations are collected. You get the data about processor, memory, drives, sensors, etc. and also the list and description of installed application (ipa).

Flyve MDM Inventory Agent for iOS can send inventory to:

* FusionInventory for GLPI 2.3.x and higher
* OCSInventory NG (ocsng) 1.3.x and 2.x
* Mandriva Pulse2

The FusionInventory project is an open source project providing:

* Hardware and software inventory (multiplatform)
* Network discovery
* Network inventory for printers and switchs
* Wake On Lan (WOL)
* Software deployment
* Total integration with the GLPI project (open source asset management software and helpdesk)

Flyve MDM Inventory Agents can also be used with other open sources projects like Uranos or Rudder.

**What's included?**

* Hardware
* Bios
* Memory
* Inputs
* Sensors
* Drives
* CPUs
* Simcards
* Videos
* Cameras
* Networks
* Envs
* Softwares
* Battery

## Build Status

| **Release channel** | **Beta channel** |
|:---:|:---:|
| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent) |

## Installation

Flyve MDM Inventory Agent for iOS is running on iOS 9.3 and higher.

Download the latest IPA, from GitHub releases, TestFligh or Apple Store.

## Documentation

We share long-form content about the project in the [wiki](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/wiki).

## Contributors

* [@hectorerb](https://github.com/hectorerb)
* [@ajsb85](https://github.com/ajsb85)

## Copying

* **Name**: [Flyve MDM](https://flyve-mdm.com/) is a registered trademark of [Teclib'](http://www.teclib-edition.com/en/).
* **Code**: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License ([GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)).
* **Documentation**: released under Attribution 4.0 International ([CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)).

Commit message:

feat(assets): restore project assets  (#25)
* Restore AppIcon
* Restore LaunchImage
* Restore AppLogo
* Restore LICENSE
* Restore README
* Remove UserInterfaceState.xcuserstate
* Add *.xcuserstate to .gitignore
Close: https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/pull/18, https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/pull/16 and https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/pull/6

README.md, after:

# Inventory Agent for iOS

![Flyve MDM banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/663460/26935464-54267e9c-4c6c-11e7-86df-8cfa6658133e.png)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg?&label=License)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Follow twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/FlyveMDM.svg?style=social&label=Twitter&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/FlyveMDM)
[![Telegram Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Group-blue.svg)](https://t.me/flyvemdm)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/releases)
[![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable state and is being actively developed.](http://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](http://www.repostatus.org/#active)

Flyve MDM is a Mobile device management software that enables you to secure and manage all the mobile devices of your business or family via a web-based console.

To get started, check out <https://flyve-mdm.com/>!

## Table of contents

* [Synopsis](#synopsis)
* [Build Status](#build-status)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Contributors](#contributors)
* [Copying](#copying)

## Synopsis

This application is the iOS inventory agent of the Flyve MDM project.

It features a complete inventory of your iOS devices: both hardware and software informations are collected. You get the data about processor, memory, drives, sensors, etc. and also the list and description of installed application (ipa).

Flyve MDM Inventory Agent for iOS can send inventory to:

* FusionInventory for GLPI 2.3.x and higher
* OCSInventory NG (ocsng) 1.3.x and 2.x
* Mandriva Pulse2

The FusionInventory project is an open source project providing:

* Hardware and software inventory (multiplatform)
* Network discovery
* Network inventory for printers and switchs
* Wake On Lan (WOL)
* Software deployment
* Total integration with the GLPI project (open source asset management software and helpdesk)

Flyve MDM Inventory Agents can also be used with other open sources projects like Uranos or Rudder.

**What's included?**

* Hardware
* Bios
* Memory
* Inputs
* Sensors
* Drives
* CPUs
* Simcards
* Videos
* Cameras
* Networks
* Envs
* Softwares
* Battery

## Build Status

| **Release channel** | **Beta channel** |
|:---:|:---:|
| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent) |

## Installation

Flyve MDM Inventory Agent for iOS is running on iOS 9.3 and higher.

Download the latest IPA, from GitHub releases, TestFligh or Apple Store.

[<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/663460/26986739-23bffc6e-4d49-11e7-92a2-cdba1b517a08.png" alt="Download from iTunes" height="60">](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flyve-mdm-inventory-agent)
[<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/663460/26973090-f8fdc986-4d14-11e7-995a-e7c5e79ed925.png" alt="Download APK from GitHub" height="60">](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/releases/latest)

## Documentation

We share long-form content about the project in the [wiki](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-ios-inventory-agent/wiki).

## Contributors

* [@hectorerb](https://github.com/hectorerb)
* [@ajsb85](https://github.com/ajsb85)

## Copying

* **Name**: [Flyve MDM](https://flyve-mdm.com/) is a registered trademark of [Teclib'](http://www.teclib-edition.com/en/).
* **Code**: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License ([GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)).
* **Documentation**: released under Attribution 4.0 International ([CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)).
